c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\obj\Debug\erikStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\erikStore.dll.config
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\erikStore.dll
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\erikStore.pdb
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\obj\Debug\erikStore.dll
c:\users\techtonic\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\erikStore\erikStore\obj\Debug\erikStore.pdb
C:\erikStore\erikStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\erikStore\erikStore\bin\erikStore.dll.config
C:\erikStore\erikStore\bin\erikStore.dll
C:\erikStore\erikStore\bin\erikStore.pdb
C:\erikStore\erikStore\obj\Debug\erikStore.dll
C:\erikStore\erikStore\obj\Debug\erikStore.pdb
